Acb theta v2 (#2182)
flintlib/flint: doc/source/acb_theta.rst

    Returns `\sum_{i=0}^{g-1} a_i n_i` modulo 4 as an integer between 0 and 3.

.. function:: int acb_theta_char_is_even(ulong ab, slong g)

>     Returns true iff the characteristic `(a,b)` is even, i.e. `a^Tb` is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Returns true iff the characteristic `(a,b)` is even, i.e. `a^T b` is
```
for easier readability when reading in monospace

    divisible by 2. Odd characteristics `(a,b)` have the property that
    `\theta_{a,b}(0,\tau)` is identically zero.

.. function:: void acb_theta_char_table(ulong * ch, slong * e, const fmpz_mat_t mat, slong ab)

    If *ab* encodes a valid characteristic, sets *ch* to the theta
    characteristic `(a',b')` and sets *e* to `e(\mathit{mat},a,b)` as in the
    transformation formula (see :func:`acb_siegel_kappa`). If *ab* is negative,
    then sets *ch* and *e* to vectors of length `2^{2g}` containing this output
    for all characteristics from 0 to `2^{2g}-1`.

.. function:: void acb_theta_char_shuffle(acb_ptr res, const fmpz_mat_t mat, acb_srcptr th, int sqr, slong prec)

    Partially applies the theta transformation formula to the given vector *th*
    for the symplectic matrix *mat* and stores the output in *res*. This omits
    the `\kappa`, determinant, and exponential factors from the formula. If

>     *sqr* is nonzero (true), then replaces `\zeta_8` in the formula by `i` to

Reviewer: ```then replaces `\zeta_8` in the formula by `i` ``` -> ```then `\zeta_8` is replaced by `i` in the formula```

>     *sqr* is nonzero (true), then replaces `\zeta_8` in the formula by `i` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *sqr* is nonzero, then `\zeta_8` is replaced by `i` in the formula to
```
